F.L.A.W. - the fantastic league of almighty wizards!


Description:
------------
F.L.A.W. is a small multiplayer action game. It can be played by up to 5 players on 
one computer. Each player controls a wizard. The goal of the game is to survive as 
long as possible while more and more fireballs appear in the arena. 
The players can try to avoid the fireballs, hit them with a wand or knock other players down
temporarily. Basically it is a 'last man standing' type of game. 


Requirements:
-------------
The Game should run on any current Linux or Windows system. Among others it has been tested
on an 8 year old PC with 800 MHz and 256 MB of RAM, and it should even run on older systems.
The game can be played with the keyboard and joysticks. 
It is intended to be a fun multiplayer game, so you might want to have some friends, 
joypads and drinks around.
However it can also be played as a single player game against the computer.
Or you can just watch 5 computer players, if you are lazy. ;-)


The Menu:
---------
You can use the arrow keys or a joystick to navigate the menu.
The following menu items are available:

* Player Setup:
  Choose the number of players (2 - 5) and how each is controlled 
  (computer, keyboard, joystick)

* Game Options
  In this menu you can set the winning score, switch the sound on and off and change the
  screen mode. You can use 8 bit graphics on older hardware, if the game runs too slow.
  On most current PCs the game will run fine (and look better) with 16 or 24 bit graphics.

* Start the Game
  Starts the game :-)

* Exit
  You don't really want that, do you?


Playing the game:
----------------

You can use a joystick or joypad to move around and the fire button to hit fireballs or
knock other players out.

Using the keyboard, you can move your wizard with the ARROW KEYS or W, A, S, D.
Use one of the CTRL keys to hit fireballs or knock other players out.

If you want to leave the game, just press the ESC key, and you will get back to the main
menu.

After each match a scoreboard will appear. If you press any key, the next match starts. 
As soon as one player reaches the winning score, the game is over and you will be brought
back to the main menu.


------------------------------------------

Thank you for playing F.L.A.W.
I hope you enjoy this game.
If you have any comments or suggestions, please let me know.

Denis Comtesse
denis@problematic.de

